.TH HCRON "1" "2020" "hcron 1.x" ""
.SH NAME
hcron \- Front-end tool to run subcommands

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Hcron is part of the family of cron-like tools which schedule command
execution. What distinguishes hcron is:
.IP \[bu] 2
each event is defined in its own file thereby simplifying management
of the event definitions using filesystem tools (e.g., cp, mv)
.IP \[bu] 2
events may be hierarchically organized (does not affect scheduling)
thereby providing some structure to the set of events; this can be
useful when working with many events
.IP \[bu] 2
event definitions use explicit "name=value" settings thereby simplifying
modification of event definitions using file editing tools (e.g.,
sed)
.IP \[bu] 2
each event is associated with a host on which it is to execute; depending
on the configuration, the executing on the local host may restricted
.IP \[bu] 2
an optional email notification can be sent upon event command execution

.PP
hcron is front-end tool used to run subcommands:
.IP \[bu] 2
activate - Activate event.
.IP \[bu] 2
conv - Convert between hcron and crontab.
.IP \[bu] 2
event - Create/edit event file.
.IP \[bu] 2
get - Get hcron information.
.IP \[bu] 2
list - List events.
.IP \[bu] 2
reload - Reload events.
.IP \[bu] 2
run - Simulate events.
.IP \[bu] 2
show-log - Show log.
.IP \[bu] 2
unload - Unload events.
.IP \[bu] 2
version - Print version.

.PP
Refer to the repository for more: https://bitbucket.org/hcron/hcron/ .

.SH NOTES
hcron is written in Python 3.x and needs only a basic install.

.SH SEE ALSO
hcron-scheduler(8)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by John Marshall.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2008-2020 Environment Canada.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
